write_cube to s3 bucket (#230)
dcs4cop/xcube: CHANGES.md

## Changes in 0.4.0 (in development)

### Enhancements 
* Added ability to write xcube datasets in zarr format into s3 bucket using

>   xcube.core.dsio.write_cube() #224

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `xcube.core.dsio.write_cube()`. (#224)
```

## Changes in 0.3.0 (in development)

### New

> * Added ability to upload xcube datasets in zarr format to s3 bucket within 

Reviewer: This is not necessarily an *upload*. Just say *write to*.

```suggestion
* Added ability to write xcube datasets in zarr format into s3 bucket using
```

>   xcube.core.dsio.write() #224

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  xcube.core.dsio.write_cube() #224
```
